engine: refresh information about dual logging (#18737)
docker/docs: content/config/containers/logging/dual-logging.md

---
description: >
  Learn how to read container logs locally when using a third party logging
  solution.
keywords: >
  docker, logging, driver, dual logging, dual logging, cache, ring-buffer,
  configuration
title: Use docker logs with remote logging drivers
---

## Overview

You can use the `docker logs` command to read container logs regardless of the

> configured logging driver or plugin. The Docker Engine uses the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configured logging driver or plugin.  Docker Engine uses the
```

[`local`](local.md) logging driver to act as cache for reading the latest logs
of your containers. This is called dual logging. By default, the cache has

> log-file rotation enabled, and is limited to a maximum of 5 files of 20MB each

Reviewer: ```suggestion
log-file rotation enabled, and is limited to a maximum of 5 files of 20 MB each
```
